
By installing or using this font you agree to the Product Usage Agreement:
http://www.mansgreback.com/pua

-----------------------

This font is for PERSONAL USE ONLY and requires a license for commercial use. 
The font license can be purchased at: 
http://www.mansgreback.com/fonts/spartical-graffiti

Please read "What license do I need?" for more info:
http://www.mansgreback.com/license

-----------------------

Spartical Graffiti is a heavy overlapping graffiti font. 

This street art font captures the raw energy and vibrant spirit of hip hop culture, embodying its rebellious essence and bringing it to life through dynamic lettering and heavy, impactful strokes. 

Activate contextual ligatures to make the letters overlap! 
Google: software name + contextual alternates. 

The bold and lively presence of each character in this font mimics the authenticity of graffiti pieces found on city walls, making it perfect for projects that aim to capture the genuine look of street art. It is created with love for youthful freedom and creative vibrancy. 

Spartical Graffiti theme music: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oquWYuwE_y8 

The font is built with advanced OpenType functionality and guaranteed top-notch quality, containing stylistic and contextual alternates, ligatures and more automatic and manual features; all to give you full control and customizability. 
It has extensive lingual support, covering all Latin-based languages, from North Europa to South Africa, from America to South-East Asia. It contains all characters and symbols you'll ever need, including all punctuation and numbers. 

Designed by Mans Greback, Spartical Graffiti stands as a tribute to the art form that has shaped urban visual culture. Through this font, Greback channels the essence of graffiti into a versatile typographic tool, offering designers a slice of the street art world's unparalleled vibrancy and style. 

-----------------------

For further information, please read the FAQ:
http://www.mansgreback.com/faq
